How do you do things?
Let you run him over
You are actually at the entrance of the hospital
I'm afraid he will be rescued in time, right?
Miss Ji, we do things with money
Is it done?
You can't stop singing just because he was saved
Don't worry.
5 million won't miss a penny of your line
For the sake of Miss Qin's cheerfulness
Well, if the pussy is saved, we'll kill him again
In this way, Miss Qin should be satisfied, right?
I hope you will live up to your promise.
What's the matter with you, police brother?
It's okay, there was a car accident in the dormitory
There is actually a message that can be processed. He is contacting now.
What? My cop was in a car accident.
I'll go see him.
Hello, please show me the complete and complete love materials.
Are you his family member?
Yes, I'm his fiance.
The front waist point is actually not a big problem, just a little abrasion and does not require hospitalization at all
But he had to be hospitalized for two days for observation
Qi Xiaoxuan, why are you doing this?
Thanks.
Hello school flower
Who threw the hospitalization thing?